Data Scientist II
Job ID: 1988995 | Amazon.com Services LLC
DESCRIPTION
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? Do you like the idea of seeing how your work impacts the bigger picture? We are a smart team of doers that work passionately to apply cutting edge advances in science and software to solve real-world challenges that will transform our customers’ experiences in ways we can’t even imagine yet. We invent new improvements every day.

Key job responsibilities
This role will be responsible for:

Thinking Big and generating ideas with the Data Science team and stakeholders.
Working with customers and cross-functional stakeholder teams to identify, disambiguate, and define problems
Scoping long-term solutions as a series of smaller, more manageable iterations.
Creating data science architectures, and building scalable solutions.
Running simulations, measuring performance, building ML models and designing optimization algorithms
Supporting existing models, while thinking about next generation solutions.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
2+ years of experience using scripting languages (e.g. Python), and/or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab, etc.)
Prior experience with cloud technologies (preferably AWS)
Comfortable dealing with ambiguity and making headway in the face of uncertainty
Proven success as both an independent performer and a contributing member of a high-performing team; showing the ability to dive deep and develop innovative ideas for process challenges
Exposure to best practices in data analytics and reporting; data integrity, data analysis, data mining, design of experiments, and documentation
Experience in working directly with customers (internal or external), disambiguating problems, scoping requirements, and planning/executing on Data Science projects.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
MS in Data Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or in highly quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Operations Research, Systems Engineering, Physics)
Experience with Apache Spark/HDFS and Deep Learning frameworks, such as Tensorflow, Keras, or MXNet.
Experience with Agile frameworks, e.g, Scrum.
Comfort using a UNIX-like terminal and shell scripts.
Prior industry experience.